why do I want braces that's the million
dollar question you got to watch to find
out hey it's me your girl basically this
video is going to be about me
documenting my experience I'm gonna be
getting braces so basically I'm gonna be
uploading videos to show progress of how
my teeth is gonna be looking like to see
if there's any improvements or just to
show myself that something is actually
working so I'm gonna be making videos on
my braces experience
I've always wanted to get braces like
since I was like 16 but I didn't want to
have metals in my mouth because nobody
wants have metals in the amount because
they're not you and to me I think teeth
is really really important like the
first thing I noticed on a person is
their teeth and you know if I'm going to
be looking at other people based on
their teeth I need to check my right
that's what I'm thinking
so I've avoided getting braces for a
very long time and it's gotten to the
point where I need to fix it because
it's just something that I gotta fix
that's been bothering me just like how
people get breast implants people get
braces to fix their teeth because I have
a lot of spaces in my teeth that's been
a number-one concern of mine I mean
every time I go to the dentist there was
like oh you have such nice teeth I don't
believe that because it's got a lot of
spaces I know you're probably like yeah
your teeth looks good but I don't think
so so that's why why not get it fixed to
make me feel better about myself you
know I know you're wondering what does
my teeth look like and here's what it
looks like I'm get up close see I don't
know if you can see but I have a lot of
spaces in my teeth I mean I'm talking
right now and I'm sure you can see see
the spaces here let me smell you see
that see all that spaces think it's me
right there right there all over look at
that all over you know it's kind of
cooking
and everything like that I mean I don't
have any bite problems like and over by
you know some people who have teeth
looking like this I know some people who
have teeth looking like this okay
some people have problems where the
teeth don't meet it's like they're but
me I don't have any of that just spaces
all over my teeth and so you know I have
insurance insurance you know pay some
parts of it finally I made the decision
you can November I went some you know
regular dental cleaning and I'm like you
know I really want to get braces I know
I've asked them to give me like numbers
a bunch of times but I never really call
the orthodontist that they gave me so
this time I'm like really I really need
braces I want to fix my teeth and they
gave me the number to this alpha dentist
so I gave him a call I'm like and I'm
really interested in getting braces I'm
really serious about it so they were
really nice on the phone they made me an
appointment like right away and my
appointment was like on December
December 6
today is December 8th so I went for my
appointment when I got to my appointment
that like you know what's your major
number-one concern that you're concerned
about right now and I'm like you know I
want to get rid of my spaces because I'm
tired of looking like Mickey Mouse and
she just started laughing and I was like
yeah I don't look like Mickey Mouse
anymore me watch a bunch of videos
that's one of the assistant to the
doctor so I watched a video was like a
five minute video and the video
basically talked about the different
teeth problems different option
treatment options like braces invisalign
that are available to fix you know
whatever t problem you have and it
showed like picture before and after
pictures and how if you don't like it
some people have really bad T to the
point where it messes up their facial
alignment and you know some of our faces
are like crooked jaw whatever a bunch of
other problems and it shows like before
and after pictures of what the braces
can do
so the video was done you know the up
the dumps is the main guy comes in and
he does like an order exam you know
makes me go like this uh you know looks
at my teeth from the side from the front
this this little instrument looks at it
you know the stuff he does like a
full-blown oral assessment on my teeth
in my face and my facial structure and
then he finally said you know definitely
need braces and my spaces are severe cuz
it's just all over my mouth and I was
like yeah I know that and so after that
she was like she's gonna probably
recommend are we gonna recommend braces
metal braces and he was saying that you
know because I'm an adult you know if I
don't want metals on the upper and the
lower that I can have ceramic on top and
the metal on the bottom so I was like
yeah I just want the most I don't care
if I walk around with medals all day I
don't care at the end I want perfect
teeth and I want something that's going
to be really really effective at sharing
whatever my teeth has so he's like yeah
he's definitely gonna recommend metal
braces or he's recommending that I put
the ceramic ones which is kind of clear
part kind of hard to see on the top part
of my teeth and then the bottom is going
to have the metals and that's gonna face
the problem and he told me that I'm
gonna have to wear for two years and
after that I'm gonna have to wear
retainers I'm like ten two years that's
a long time but I'm sure he's gonna go
by fast um but I don't care at this
point because I've waited so long
you know Department myself a freaking um
perfect teeth so I was like yeah I'm
down let's do it was and then he says he
wouldn't recommend Eve is aligned for me
because it's more expensive and it's
gonna take a longer period of time for
me to close my spaces with Invisalign so
I don't want Invisalign Invisalign is a
lot of work anyways I heard
that to me what I've heard about vis
align is that you gotta have any amount
I mean you take it out to brush your
teeth and then every time you eat you
brush your teeth and you can't have you
can't eat certain things or something
like that it just sounds like a lot of
work and I know myself
Invisalign you have to be deca dedicated
and sometimes I'm not dedicated and I
don't want that to like affect my
treatment and how my teeth ends up at
the end cuz like your Invisalign if you
take it out sometime I just get home
from work and take it out brush my teeth
and go to sleep and I might forget to
put it back in my teeth I know myself so
I don't want to go that route this just
put something in my mouth that's gonna
stay there 24/7 I don't have to mess
with it just brush my teeth eat some
food brush my teeth and go I don't want
to have to deal with taking it out
putting it in taking it that's just a
lot of work I know myself I'm not that
organized like that so let's just not
even go there thanks for watching this
video on why I want braces and I guess
I'll see you on the next video bye